Bluetooth: Userchan: Add support for TCP Connection (#60711)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/bluetooth-dev.rst

#. A :ref:`Host-only <bluetooth-build-types>` application running in the
   :ref:`QEMU <application_run_qemu>` emulator or the ``native_posix`` native
   port of Zephyr

> #. A Controller, which can be one of three types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. A Controller, which can be one of the following types:
```
